Chilling Tales for Dark Nights
Hard to believe something so beautiful could grow in this desolate dump.
Delmin, I was convinced that I'd never get to see a real flower.
And I'm so happy you worked so hard to prove me wrong.
Thank you, dear.
No, thank me when we're finished.
One's not enough. We'll cover our whole house with flowers.
Thank you, big man.
And sweet Ruto.
And the girl one.
As you can see,
Amo has got lots more fans than before.
So, do you still want to be party poopers?
Guys,
bear with me.
Vital instrument, Tokushin.
I'll kill you.
I'll kill all you sons of bitches.
I will never ever touch or hurt her again.
Nat.
Right.
But, that's not playing fair.
It's not...
Just, look!
You messed up Amo's room with your Rierung stuff!
Come on, you guys.
Do something, already!
Get off me.
Amo's up, get of me!
My net is rather insidious. The more you move, the tighter its grip becomes.
I am sorry. I didn't want this.
I thought the pain might snap you out of her hold, but it seems I was wrong.
You butthead! You meanie butthead!
You wanted to try something so bad that you tested on your own friends?
You really should have known it never worked like that.
Nothing can stop Amos fans, even if they have to tear themselves apart.
And thanks to you, now they're gonna have to.
Point of order. My vital instrument's a distaff.
Do you know what that is?
It's not just a staff. It's a tool used in the spinning of thread.
And the thread has been spotted.
Also,
I'll ride that.
The psycho mind control lady is under our control.
Never let go forever.
Never let go.
For nothing!
Yeah!
What do you see with that beneath?
Be a thing, pick a thing that never hurts the same.
It's a new form of subject to tell.
Don't ever know how to do it.
Never let go.
Graffiti feed the fire on an angel
On a new graffiti night
Uso uso uso hochi
Rikuta okuta dare ga souji
Katae origachi nani ga mukachi
Takeba sama
Never let me go
It's a good time
Love, love me, send me
The days are fresh and clean
And I'm feeling good
Dakishimete hoshi
Kuchakichiru
Boku wo kowasu kurai ni
Sayonara ii
Kaze ni
Ai wo fukikomu
Fufi wo fukai
Let's fight me again
Tonight again
Again
Yeah
Let's fight
I'm not gonna let you go
Well, I think it's time you let your fans go
And don't drag your feet either
This situation's a bit too surreal for my taste
And well, I don't like that I mostly sat this one out
Now that's just not true
You were a big help
Your mere presence was a big help to me
Your mere presence added the burden of multiple enemies
And your forthright nature made you most intimidating
Plus, calling her a cow really knocked her off her game
To me!
Thank goodness you got your mask on
I was worried
How's Injun holding up?
I can't say for sure
I put his mask on, but that's about all I can do
All right
We'd better get him to the med team as soon as possible
Let me go
You're hurting me
Almost not supposed to be hurting
Let me go
It hurts
Meanie
Meanie, Meanie, Meanie
Meanie!
Ah!
No!
Whoa!
Try stirring up trouble all you want.
Nobody's moving a muscle.
You think this can hold me?
Hold me!
Then you've got another thing coming!
Because I am gonna get out!
I'm gonna rip off your arms!
And then I'll kill the shit out of every last one of you!
Very well.
If you truly want to murder us that badly...
Who am I to stand in your way?
You tricky bastard!
Aaaaah!
What the hell, man?
That was way too far!
Thank goodness that's finally over.
Are you insane, man? You'd kill your own...
You see? That's what you get!
This always happens whenever people don't just talk with Amma like Amma won!
They show Amma all their sides, even the ones they try hard to hide away.
And now all your friends are gonna die because you're a meanie stinky face!
Amma wonders if you ever were really friends at all!
Huh?
You don't think I actually...
killed anyone, do you?
Huh?
Zanka, did you forget about Canvas Town?
People partied, people cried, we got protection spells, it was a whole to-do!
Huh?
Seriously? It just happened!
The spellcasters make one-hit survivable special...
from Rimland something.
Seems like not dying's the new hotness right now.
Just remember, I did it first.
This is mine now, by the way. And that's not up for discussion.
I hope they come home safe, too. Preferably with what they went looking for.
Boss...
We stacked up.
We did.
We stacked that team for a reason. Whatever they find, they can handle.
That is true. Then why do you still look so worried?
Is it something to do with Ruto? Or maybe something you saw in Ruto?
Hmph.
Listen, I'm all ears if you need him.
I'd be lying if I said I wasn't curious. So, what did you see in him?
IMMburglar's
Wolfマルコ
You know what actually ticks me off?
The absolute insanity of wearing 2 shoes but only 1 sock.
What the?
Oh, that's nasty!
You were goin' barefoot in boots?
That's not yours! That belongs to Amo! Give it back!
Go away!
Show your role, little one.
So you think I'm being cute?
Give it back!
You're stinking it up and making it lose Amo's special person smell!
Special person smell?
That's...
Holy shit, that's nasty!
Don't sniff it, you creep!
Remlin's spells really are something else.
How long was he out?
I'm guessing not long since he's back to normal now.
He was pretty much fine by the time I started giving first aid.
Then I realized he was playing dead, so I helped sell the act until he saw his moment.
Sounds like him.
Look, I'll give it back, but only if you flip off your ability first.
But...
Omo can't use her power with just one.
So, no one will protect Omo now.
What happened? I was here one second, then I wasn't.
It's good to see you in your right mind again.
Moreover, it's good the new spellcaster knows their stuff.
My right mind? Hold on.
Just what in the hell happened back there, Tamsy?
It wasn't your fault. It was that woman's doing.
She can produce smells that trigger memories of happy times with someone you love.
Manipulating you into thinking she was who you were remembering.
It all went downhill from there.
Thankfully, I was able to subdue you and the others she'd gotten hold of.
Though you didn't make it easy.
I see, then.
I was a fool.
I should have realized it from the beginning.
She can't come back.
The dead are dead.
There's something deeply twisted about that girl's giver power.
Especially for those folks who've lost people.
Just ain't right.
And the happy ending?
The happier your memories are, the worse waking up to reality's gonna be.
Cause waking up means losing everything.
All over again.
Wouldn't wish that on anyone.
Last call to put on your masks, kids.
Milady.
Hey, so what are we doing with her?
We're gonna have to find her.
Fact is, if we leave her here and someone else finds her, people are gonna die.
She's our problem now.
It's her instrument. Without it, she's just an average young woman with a not-so-average upbringing.
Though I don't think I have it in me to take something that clearly means a lot to her.
Let's see if we can't find a diplomatic solution to this clear and present danger.
This is so stupid!
Ammo's house is completely ruined!
It's ugly and it makes us feel like we're in a mess.
We're gonna have to find a way to get out of here.
It's ugly and it makes us almost sick.
It's the worst.
It's all your fault! You should be feeling worse than sick!
The hell is wrong with you? Keep talking!
Ruto?
I've seen enough people in my time to know what to expect from them.
But I saw something in Ruto.
Something that...
I don't know what to do with.
It's more than just those gloves of his.
It's like nothing I've seen.
Somebody took their mask off!
Miss Ammo's smell?
All you have to do is ask and Ammo will share more with you.
Really?
It's not the way to work
It's your problem
I'm here?
emy
Let's go.
Let's handle this.
What's her problem?
Here.
Noatched
I've done these in the last mission.
It helps to show us the value of the old.
Something like a curse.
Naruto! Hey, easy! You need to calm the hell down!
You crossed a line. We know how to cancel her ability. She's not a threat anymore.
The fight is over, you understand?
And besides, she's a girl.
That's bullshit!
Just because she's a girl, I'm supposed to forget what she did?
I can't be angry if she's helpless?
She gets away with what she did because you say it's over?
No, screw that.
That is not what I said! And nothing justifies beating someone who can't fight back!
Powerless my ass!
She's a giver! And don't tell me she can't fight back after nearly killing us all!
She just looks helpless. But inside, she's laughing at us!
She played with us like dolls because that's all we are to her!
But she deserves a hell of a lot more than I gave her!
Okay, intense.
If that's how you feel, then that's how you feel.
So... do you know how to get the info from her?
Because I don't.
ZOZO SABLEY
Why don't we go find somewhere not here and talk it out?
Tomei, get her patched up, would you please?
Yes, sir.
Why aren't you yelling at me?
Well, nah. It's pretty clear you've realized you messed up.
You got emotional, which is understandable, and forgot about everything else, which is also understandable.
It's just...
I felt too much, like I did in the sphere.
I just had to take everything.
No matter what people said or did, I had to hold my temper and endure it.
But when they threw me away, I realized I couldn't do it anymore.
If I kept holding it all in, I'd die.
I thought that was enough, and I was past it.
But I'm not. I'm still the same angry idiot.
I thought that I'd learn to be better, but I still did what I always do and let the darkness well up in me.
Until someone got hurt.
So much crap has happened, but nothing's changed.
Doesn't matter if I'm in the sphere or on the ground.
Whenever I think I've grown, it's just me lying to myself.
I'm just a piece of shit!
I like hot chicks.
Like really hot chicks.
I'm not a hot chick.
I'm a hot chick.
Smart ones.
With all their curves in the right places.
And with a stupid capacity for forgiving me.
I love them so damn much.
But when we start getting into the complicated needs of others, that's where I start struggling.
And you know, no woman, hot or not, wants to hear that.
Not being able to navigate that stuff is a personal failing of mine.
So like all adults, I still have things I need to grow out of.
The thing of it is, realizing when you've slipped up is kinda all you need to grow from it.
Not that it's easy.
I had to be brought face to face with my faults for me to finally see him.
And you were cool enough to spot yours on your own.
Know what that means?
We're golden, baby!
Cause we've got nowhere else to go but up.
What do you say?
When you're ready, we go apologize?
I'm sorry about everything.
We really did just come to talk, but we let things get out of hand.
Are you feeling any better?
You know, I love to chat.
We could have one now if you still want to.
I honestly love talking about romantic stuff.
You talk how a good mama should sound like.
You think so?
Amo knows what a good mama sounds like.
Amo had a good mama.
Mama gave Amo her first love.
He was who Amo got her treasure from.
And why Amo saw the angel that goes between the sphere and the ground.
Oh, that's nice.
You saw someone go to the sphere?
Wait.
What did you just say?
I did a thing Marie did.
It's whenever you meet a girl you want to cut under your Jahreki.
Yeah, I did that too.
One of my fans already told me that he wanted to get her love.
So how about this ..."I want her love."
I don't believe he was just a tantalizer...
about a nameless man.
Asies precise.
I was joking too.
I bet she wasn't just writing...
good-for-nothing emails.
Thank you for watching!
See you next time!